Identity provider updates in v1.0 and beta (#13660)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/identityproviderbase-get.md

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Retrieve the properties and relationships of an identity provider resource that is of the type specified in the request body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieve the properties and relationships of an identity provider resource that is of the type specified by the **id** in the request.
```

Reviewer 2: Line 16:
I think this should be:
"Get the properties and relationships of an identity provider resource that is specified by its **id** property."

It doesn't seem to me there is any concept of "type" here, if we look at the example response. It's plainly the id property, nothing to do with the identityProviderType property of that provider.

> Among the types of providers derived from identityProviderBase, you can currently get a [socialIdentityProvider](../resources/socialidentityprovider.md) or a [builtinIdentityProvider](../resources/builtinidentityprovider.md) resource in Azure AD. In Azure AD B2C, this operation can currently get a [socialIdentityProvider](../resources/socialidentityprovider.md), [openIdConnectIdentityProvider](../resources/openidconnectidentityprovider.md) or an [appleIdentityProvider](../resources/appleidentityprovider.md) resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Among the types of providers derived from identityProviderBase, you can currently get a [socialIdentityProvider](../resources/socialidentityprovider.md) or a [builtinIdentityProvider](../resources/builtinidentityprovider.md) resource in Azure AD. In Azure AD B2C, this operation can currently get a [socialIdentityProvider](../resources/socialidentityprovider.md), [openIdConnectIdentityProvider](../resources/openidconnectidentityprovider.md), or an [appleManagedIdentityProvider](../resources/applemanagedidentityprovider.md) resource.
```
